README.md, before:

# Fifa Match Manager
A simple application that let's you administer Fifa (the football game) matches you play against your friends.

## To use this application, do the following:
* Press on the "Download Zip"-button.
* Unzip the downloaded zip.
* Click on index.html to start the application.
* First go to the "Players"-page and fill in some players.

## TODO
I would like to add the following points to this application:
* Validation
   * So you can't enter anything besides numbers in the score input fields.
   * So you can't select the same player in the home and away teams.
* Autocomplete for teams (don't know how yet).
* Add a statistics page
* Right now, you can add matches, and the id of the player that won the match will be added to the matches array. If the player has been removed, there is no way yet of deciding whether the player still exists (statistics may be messed up).

## Want to contribute?
Please fork this project, add your own additions and make a pull request. I also need ideas to further develop this application.

Commit message:

Added a screenshot and some more README text.

README.md, after:

# Fifa Match Manager
A simple application that let's you administer Fifa (the football game) matches you play against your friends.

## Why was this application made?
Me and a friend were playing Fifa a lot. We would like to play matches and put a bet on the first one that wins say 10 matches. I had no easy and simple way to administer the matches we've played. Therefore I created this application.

![Alt text](/img/preview.png?raw=true "Preview of the Fifa Match Manager")

## To use this application, do the following:
* Press on the "Download Zip"-button.
* Unzip the downloaded zip.
* Click on index.html to start the application.
* First go to the "Players"-page and fill in some players.

## TODO
I would like to add the following points to this application:
* Validation
   * So you can't enter anything besides numbers in the score input fields.
   * So you can't select the same player in the home and away teams.
* Autocomplete for teams (don't know how yet).
* Add a statistics page
* Right now, you can add matches, and the id of the player that won the match will be added to the matches array. If the player has been removed, there is no way yet of deciding whether the player still exists (statistics may be messed up).

## Want to contribute?
Please fork this project, add your own additions and make a pull request. I also need ideas to further develop this application.
